Oh my... Emily!
What are you doing at the college reunion ball?
You didn't even graduate. You can leave now.
What's going on?
Alex, darling!
Um, LaCouche, what up?
Emily?
She was just here to deliver my clothes.
It's been so long.
Since you're here, why don't you stay for dinner?
Um, if my Alex says to vial me and stay,
but the dinner is $200, do you think you can afford that?
No, sorry, I can't.
Oh, no, I can't take your money.
Is everything all right, sir?
How much are you paying for the violinist today?
Well, you can earn a few hundred bucks for one piece, if you're good.
I'll do it for $200.
Can I try?
That's enough.
You can't just make noise on a violin and call it music.
$200 for this?
That's too easy.
Your grandmother has a point, Mr. Anderson.
You can't keep sabotaging her love life for some dream girl from seven years ago.
She's not coming back, even if she does exist.
She's real, Samuel.
She's got to be out there somewhere.
She's got to be.
Folger people only like status, wealth, power, and influence.
In their eyes, this is all that matters.